May your birthday be sprinkled with fun and laughter. Have a great day!
Warmest wishes for a very happy birthday.
Congratulations on your birthday! Wishing you a truly fabulous day.
Wishing you a very special birthday and a wonderful year ahead!
I hope your birthday is full of sunshine and rainbows and love and laughter! Sending many good wishes to you on your special day.
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a great day today and the year ahead is full of many blessings.
Wishing you a very happy birthday! May all your dreams come true.
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a wonderful day and that the year ahead is full of fun and adventure.
Happy Birthday! Wishing you a beautiful day and many blessings for the year ahead.
Congratulations on your birthday! Sending you our love and good wishes.
Many happy returns to you on your birthday! We hope you have a wonderful day full of friends, family, and cake!
Happy Birthday to a great buddy! I hope you have a good one.
Happy Birthday! There’s no one else I’d rather be quarantined with.
Happy Birthday! Sit back, relax, and celebrate how truly wonderful you are with a well-deserved quarantini!
Today I’ll be singing happy birthday to you twice every time I wash my hands and sending lots of birthday love your way. Have a good one!
I can’t wait to be less than 6 feet away from you! Happy birthday!
On the bright side, at least you don’t have to share your birthday cake with anyone else this year!
Wishing you a very happy birthday from a safe and appropriate social-distance!
Keep Calm and Stay Safe... and have a very Happy Birthday!
So very sorry to hear you’re not well on your birthday. Sending lots of love and happiness your way!
Sending lots of love and a big virus-free hug on your birthday. I miss you enormously and I can’t wait to take you out to party properly once lockdown is over!!
I wanted to get you something truly amazing and inspiring for your birthday and then I remembered that you already have me.
Happy Birthday! Don’t forget to iron that birthday suit.
Those aren’t gray hairs you see. They’re strands of birthday glitter growing out of your head.
Don’t let aging get you down. It’s too hard to get up again!
You’re [insert age]? Better take that cake outdoors to light the candles! Have a very happy birthday.
[insert age] is a perfect age. You’re old enough to recognize your mistakes but young enough to make some more. Happy Birthday!
Don’t worry, they are not gray hairs, they are wisdom highlights. You just happen to be extremely wise.
Q: What goes up and never comes down? A: Your age!
Night sweats and hot flashes are nature’s way of lowering your heating bill so you can save more money for your retirement.
Happy Birthday! I’m so pleased to hear you’re over the hill instead of under it.
Happy Birthday. It took you [insert age] years to look this good!
I wouldn’t say you’re old... you’ve just been young for longer than most of us. Happy Birthday!
You’re not getting older... just more distinguished! Happy Birthday.
By the time you’re [insert age] you’ve learned everything - you only have to remember it! Many happy returns on your birthday.
YOU SUCK! ...at aging. Can you at least try to look older?
You know you’re getting older when an “all-nighter” means not getting up to pee.
Middle age: that time when you finally get your head together - then your body starts falling apart.
Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Middle age... when “happy hour” is a nap!
How do you know you’ve hit middle-age? In preparation for a big sneeze you cross your legs really hard and hope for the best!
You are so old, you walked into an antique shop and they sold you.
You know you’re getting old when you can’t walk past a bathroom without thinking, “I may as well pee while I’m here.”
You know you’re old when you turn down the lights to be economical instead of romantic.
A little gray hair is a small price to pay for so much wisdom.
You know you’re getting old when the little old gray-haired lady you helped across the street is your wife.
If gray hair is a sign of wisdom, then you’re a genius!
A wise man once said, “Forget about your past, you cannot change it”. I’d like to add: “Forget about your present, I didn’t get you one”.
I spent 3 hours searching the internet for the perfect birthday message for you and then I gave up. Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday all the way from [insert your location]. I hope you have a fabulous day and be sure to eat an extra slice of cake for me!
Happy Birthday! Wishing you a wonderful day today, and looking forward to seeing you in [insert month].
Happy Birthday dear friend! Raising a glass to your continued health and happiness all the way from [insert location]. I hope you have a great day!
Thinking of you on your birthday! We hope you have a great day and wish you all the best for the coming year. We’re so excited you’re coming to visit in [insert month], and can’t wait to see you then!
Congratulations on your birthday! Sending you our love and good wishes all the way from [insert location].
Wishing you a very happy birthday and all the best wishes for an exciting and fun-filled year ahead. With lots of love from [insert location].
Many happy returns to you on your birthday! We hope you have a wonderful day full of friends, family, and cake! Sorry we can’t be there this year and we hope to catch up next time we’re in the neighborhood.
Wishing you all the best on your birthday! Sorry to miss you on such a wonderful day. We’re thinking of you all the way from [insert location] and raising a glass to your good health.
Wishing you many happy returns on your special day! Sending all our love from [insert location]. We miss you!
Wishing you many blessings on your special day. We miss you! We hope you have a wonderful birthday and look forward to seeing you at [insert month, or event e.g. Christmas].
Happy belated Birthday! I’m so sorry I forgot to write earlier, but how do you expect me to remember your birthday if you never look any older?
Now that everyone else’s birthday wishes have worn off, here’s a great big one from me!
I promise this card isn’t late. It is intentionally arriving after your birth-day, because I think you deserve a whole birth-month. Happy Birth-month!
Dear [name], HBBD! That stands for Happy Belated Birthday! Love, YTDF (Your Terribly Disorganized Friend)
I know you think this card is a few days late. It’s actually worse than that. This is your card from 2010 that I only just got around to sending. Happy Belated Birthday!
Happy Birthday! Don’t think of this as a late birthday card. Consider it a very early one for next year. Here’s wishing you a wonderful year ahead!
Sorry I missed your birthday by several days, but happy birthday anyways!
I’m so sorry I forgot your birthday. The good news is that I also forgot your age. Happy belated Birthday!
I’m so sorry I forgot your birthday. The good news is that if you forget mine next year I’ll forgive you. Happy Belated Birthday!
I wish I could rewind the clock just to get back to the right time to say happy birthday. Please forgive me! I hope you had a great day.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.” - Larry Lorenzoni
“Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.” - Jack Benny
“Age is a matter of feeling, not of year.” - George William Curtis
“Old age is like underwear... it creeps up on you” - Anon
“Birthdays are nature’s way of telling us to eat more cake” - Anon
“Just remember, once you’re over the hill you begin to pick up speed” - Charles Schulz
“It’s never too late to be what you want to be. Unless you want to be younger. Then you’re screwed” - Anon
“With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.” - William Shakespeare
“When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it’s a sure sign you’re getting old” - Mark Twain
“As men get older, the toys get more expensive” - Marvin Davis
“Age is not important unless you’re a cheese” - Helen Hayes
“The tragedy of getting old: So many candles... so little cake” - Anon
“You are only young once, but you can be immature for a lifetime.” - John Grier
“Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.” - Chili Davis
If things get better with age then you’re approaching magnificent” - Anon
When I have a birthday I take the day off. But when my wife has a birthday, she takes a year or two off” - Anon
“Youth is a gift of nature but age is a work of art.” - Stanislaw Lec
“The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.” - Lucille Ball
Thirty-five is a very attractive age. London society is full of women of the very highest birth who have, of their own free choice, remained thirty-five for years.” - Oscar Wilde
“Old age is always 15 years older than I am.” - Bernard Baruch
“One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that it’s such a nice change from being young.” - Dorothy Canfield Fisher
“Middle age is when your age begins to show around your middle.” - Bob Hope
“Middle age is when you’re sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn’t for you.” - Ogden Nash
“Middle age is when a man has got a handle on life and life has put handles on his waist” - Anon
“Forty is the age of youth. Fifty is the youth of old age” - Victor Hugo
“The years between fifty and seventy are the hardest. You are always being asked to do things, and yet you are not decrepit enough to turn them down.” - T. S. Eliot
“The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams; the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.” - Theodore Roosevelt
Today I ask God to bless you with every kind of joy on your birthday and always. Happy Birthday!
May God bless you today on your birthday and every day after. May you be comforted by His presence in your life, and always follow His guiding light. Wishing you the happiest of birthdays and a wonderful year to come.
May the road rise up to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face; the rains fall soft upon your fields and until we meet again, may God hold you in the palm of His hand. ~ Traditional Irish Blessing
Even to your old age and gray hairs I am he, I am he who will sustain you. I have made you and I will carry you; I will sustain you and I will rescue you. Isaiah 46:4
Happy Birthday! Remember that for every day of your life there is Someone taking care of you, and may God continue to hold you in His gentle hands and bring you peace.
On your birthday, I pray that you feel His presence working in your life and that you are filled with the wonder and glory of God’s unfailing love for you.
Wishing the happiest of birthdays for the best of friends! Praying for God’s richest blessings for you over the year ahead.
For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. Jeremiah 29:11
Do not forsake wisdom, and she will protect you; love her, and she will watch over you. The beginning of wisdom is this: Get wisdom. Though it cost all you have, get understanding. Cherish her, and she will exalt you; embrace her, and she will honor you. She will give you a garland to grace your head and present you with a glorious crown.
I said a prayer for you today and know God must have heard. I felt the answer in my heart, although He spoke no word. I didn’t ask for wealth or fame, I knew you wouldn’t mind. I asked Him to send treasures Of a far more lasting kind. I asked that He be near you at the start of each new day to grant you health and blessings and friends to share your way. I asked for happiness for you in all things, great and small, But it was for His loving care I prayed for most of all. ~ Author Unknown.
Happy Birthday! I’m so grateful for your friendship and all the fun times we’ve had together this year. Here’s to many more!
Wishing you a wonderful birthday and a fantastic year ahead! Thanks for being such a dear friend.
Wishing you a very happy birthday and all the best for the coming year. Thanks for being such a great friend!
You’re such a generous, kind, fabulous person and I’m so lucky to have you as a friend. Wishing you an extra special birthday and best wishes for the year ahead.
Happy Birthday to such a fabulous friend! Wishing you many blessings for the year ahead.
Happy Birthday to my crazy, fun, fabulous best friend! I love you to the moon and back and am so grateful for your friendship and all the fun times we’ve shared this year. I hope you have a great day!
Stay true to who you are, you are an amazing person and the best ever friend a person could hope for! Have a fantastic birthday and a great year ahead.
Many happy returns on your birthday! I know this past year has had some tough times but I hope that the coming year brings you the good fortune you deserve. You’re a great friend and I am so thankful for your presence in my life.
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous friend, you’re the best! I hope you have a brilliant day.
Happy Birthday! Love you lots and can’t wait to celebrate your birthday with you [tonight/on the weekend etc]. Thanks for being such a great friend!
Happy Birthday to the coolest sister! The day is brighter and more fun when you’re around.
Happy Birthday, sister. May today be the start of a wonderful, glorious and joyful year.
There is no better sister that I could dream up. You are my best friend and partner-in-crime. Life would be dull without you. Happy Birthday!
I am so grateful you’re my sister, I can’t imagine life without you! Thanks for being amazing! Have a great birthday!
There’s never a dull moment with you in the house, thanks for all the fun and laughter you bring into our lives! May your birthday be full of joy, and may the year ahead be your best one yet! Happy Birthday!
Sisters fill your soul with bright sunshine and your heart with laughter and joy. Happy Birthday!
You’re truly one in a million - so kind, caring, and sweet. To be honest, I am not sure how we are even related! I hope your birthday is as amazing as you are.
Hooray it’s your birthday! Probably the only thing that we didn’t have to share as kids! Today it’s all about you - have fun and enjoy your special day!
Sisters are a lot like toppings on ice cream: you can get by without them, but where’s the fun in that? Thanks for sweetening my life with your love. Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday! Here’s to the cutest, smartest, most perfect sister! I think it must run in the family.
Happy Birthday to my brother. Here’s to another year of laughing at our own jokes and keeping each other sane! Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday to such a great brother, I hope you have a fun day today!
Happy Birthday to the coolest brother! The day is brighter and more fun when you’re around.
Hooray it’s your birthday! Probably the only thing that we didn’t have to share as kids! Today it’s all about you - have fun and enjoy your special day!
No matter how serious life gets, you’ve got to have that one person you can be completely stupid with. So glad I’ve got you bro! Have a brilliant birthday!
It’s remarkable how long we’ve put up with each other. Happy Birthday.
You’re turning a perfect age. Old enough to recognize your mistakes but young enough to make some more. Happy Birthday!
I hope you have a brilliant birthday brother, and that this next year is full of exciting opportunities! Keep reaching for those stars, I believe in you!
There’s never a dull moment with you in the house, thanks for all the fun and laughter you bring into our lives! May your birthday be full of joy, and may the year ahead be your best one yet! Happy Birthday!
Another adventure-filled year awaits you, I hope you enjoy it to the full! Happy Birthday brother!
Happy Birthday to my partner in crime. Let’s make some mischief today and every day!
Happy Birthday to my favorite adventurer. I never would have gone so many places without you. Now hurry up and let’s get planning for the next one!
There isn’t enough wrapping paper in the world to contain all the love I have for you. Happy Birthday, Sweetheart!
My amazing husband, you’ve been working so hard. Today, take a seat, grab a beer, and get ready to enjoy some of my amazing cake. Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday to my husband. You’re the best thing in this world. It’s true. I can’t imagine my life without you. Now, let’s get this party started!
Some days you’re my hero. Other days, you’re my knight in shining armor. But today you’re the king of the cake! Happy Birthday!
Every day, you are my companion, my comforter, and my friend. I am so blessed to have and to hold you as my husband. Happy Birthday!
I believe in you. You have amazing dreams and the ability to make them happen. There’s nothing you can’t do! You have so many amazing qualities and gifts. And I know you can do whatever you set your mind to. Happy Birthday, let make these wishes come true!
Every part of me loves every bit of you. Happy Birthday, My Love.
To my wonderful husband, I never believed in soulmates until I met you. Happy Birthday!
A Toast to My Husband: You’re my best friend, my confidant, the love of my life. I can’t wait to celebrate you. Happy Birthday!
Many happy returns to my darling wife.
Happy Birthday to the woman I love!
Happy Birthday to my beautiful and loving wife!
Thank you for everything you do. Let’s make the year great together. Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday to the woman who has stolen my heart, to the light of my life, my darling, my wife!
You are my world and I cannot imagine my life without you. Loving birthday wishes to my adorable wife!
You are my today and all of my tomorrows. Happy Birthday, my love.
Once in a while, right in the middle of ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale. I’m so happy to be part of this fairy tale with you! Happy Birthday, my love!
We’ve celebrated a lot of birthdays together, but after all this time, you’re still incredible! Have a wonderful day.
Like fine wine we get better with age... or rather, we feel better about our age with lots of wine! Happy Birthday, darling!
Happy Birthday to my parter-in-wine!
When life gives you birthdays, eat cake!
Some things just get better with age... and you’re definitely one of them!
Happy Birthday to our dear, sweet daughter. May your day be full of sunshine, rainbows, laughter, and fun!
Dear daughter, best wishes on your birthday! I hope that your celebration is as sweet as you are.
May this day be as special as you are. Happy Birthday dear daughter!
Happy Birthday to our lovely daughter! The world is a better place with you in it!
May this year bring you plenty of reasons to smile, and endless opportunities to make you happier! My girl, you were born to be a star! Happy Birthday!
To our little bundle of joy, Happy Birthday! Keep chasing your dreams and spreading happiness. We love you!
You are loved for the little girl you were, for the special woman you are and for the precious daughter you will always be. Have a wonderful birthday!
Happy Birthday to the girl who brightens my life and warms my heart.
A daughter is God’s way of saying, ‘I thought you could use a lifelong friend’. Thank you for being mine. Happy Birthday darling.
Happy Birthday to our dearest daughter! We are so proud you turned into a beautiful and intelligent woman. We hope you have the time of your life on this extra special day of yours!
Happy Birthday to our darling boy. May you have a wonderful and fun-filled birthday.
Happy Birthday dear son. Stay happy, healthy, and blessed on your special day, and every day of the year. We love you!
May your future shine bright and be full of many good times. Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday to our amazing son, who is growing up to be such an amazing man!
Loving you is my greatest joy, you make it so easy! Happy Birthday dear son.
Happy Birthday to the boy who has taught me more about the world and about myself than anyone else.
Wherever life takes you, I will always be so proud of you. Happy Birthday son!
Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think and loved more than you know. Happy Birthday dear son!
My son, I wish you the strength to face challenges with confidence, along with the wisdom to choose your battles carefully. I wish you adventure on your journey and may you always stop to help someone along the way. Listen to your heart and take risks carefully. Remember how much you are loved.
Nothing has been the same since you came into my life, and I want you to know I wouldn’t have it any other way. I am so grateful that you have changed my life for the better.
Happy Birthday Mom! Take it easy today. You deserve it!
It’s your birthday! I recommend you kick back, relax, and let dad do all the work for once.
To the world you may be one person, but to me you are the whole world. Happy Birthday Mom!
You are my first friend, my best friend, and my forever friend. I can’t wait to help you celebrate your birthday!
Even though I’m getting older, I find I need you more than ever. There’s nothing like one of your warm hugs. Wishing you a birthday as heartwarming as you!
I knew exactly what you wanted for your birthday this year. Me... out of the house for a day. Happy Birthday, Mom!
It’s amazing how good you look for your age, considering all the grief I gave you when I was younger. Happy Birthday, Mom!
Mom, you are the most outstanding woman in my life, and you’ll always be my number one. Have a beautiful birthday!
When asked who my favorite real-life superhero is, I always say ‘It’s my mom.’ Have an amazing birthday, Wonder Mom!
It’s no secret that you’ve made your mark in my life. Since my childhood, you’ve been that big tree whose shade allowed me to grow safe and strong. Happy Birthday, Mom.
All your life, you’ve worked towards making our wishes come true. Today, it’s your turn to make some wishes. Happy Birthday, Dad!
All my life, I’ve been lucky to have the best dad. Now, I count myself doubly lucky, since my child gets to have the best granddad. Happy Birthday, Dad, we love you!
Happy Birthday to the man who fought all the monsters under the bed and in the closet. Thank you for always making me feel safe!
Happy Birthday Dad! May all your fish be big, your beers stay cold, and your sports teams have a winning season!
It’s not easy being a father, but you do it with class and style. Happy Birthday to the dad who can do it all.
To my dearest Dad: You are my compass. Thanks for always showing me the right path and for guiding me in the right direction. Happy Birthday, I love you.
To the best taxi driver, the most effective spider hunter, the cheapest handyman, and the most generous bank I know. Happy Birthday Dad!
Dad, thank you for teaching me how to be a man, even though I’m your daughter. Happy Birthday!
Hey Dad, I got a present for you. I stole your To-Do list from Mom. All you need to do is rip it up. Just don’t tell Mom, okay? Happy Birthday!
Dad, you’ve always been the coolest. Like all those times you said “yes” when mom said “no.” Happy Birthday, Cool Dad!
Happy Birthday to my dear aunt! I’m wishing you a day that’s as lovely as you.
You’re always swooping in to save the day! This time, we’ve managed everything just for you. Happy Birthday Aunty!
Mom and Dad may have given me my brains and looks, but all of my charm and sense of humor come just from you! Happy Birthday to the best aunt!
You’ve got this “Best Aunt” gig in the bag! I hope this day brings everything you wish for! Happy Birthday Auntie!
To my Aunt, Happy Birthday! On this special day, I hope you remember just how much we all love you!
Moms and dads offer love and support. But aunts... they’re the ones who share some of our best adventures! Cheers to the next adventure Auntie!
Happy Birthday to my lovely aunt. Your age is this family’s best kept secret... but don’t worry, your secret is safe with us!
Dear Aunt, you may be a little bit crazy, but you’re my kind of crazy! Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday to the aunt who gave me everything my parents didn’t want me to have! I really appreciate it.
Happy Birthday Auntie! From your favorite niece/nephew! (It’s okay, we don’t have to tell the others...)
Happy Birthday! You’re such a great friend and co-worker. I hope you have a lovely day.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for all that you do for our team. We hope you have a great birthday!
Many happy returns on your birthday today from all of us at [insert company name]. We hope you have a wonderful day!
Work just wouldn’t be as much fun without your company! Thanks for all the great coffee breaks and sharing the load. Hope you have a great birthday today!
Happy Birthday to my office buddy! Thanks for making work such a great place to be. I hope you have a wonderful day and a brilliant year ahead!
Happy Birthday to one of the most productive people around here! Someday you’ll have to teach us your secret to getting so much done.
Happy Birthday to one of the most smiley people in the office! Thanks for making our office a brighter place with your sunny attitude.
Dear [name], it’s amazing how you keep things running smoothly around here. Thanks for keeping us all organized. Happy Birthday and many happy returns!
Dear [name], Happy Birthday! Thanks for answering all my questions and helping me settle in since I joined the team. I’ve learned so much from you!
Happy Birthday to someone who radiates calm! One day you’ll have to teach us your secret to staying cool under pressure. Thanks for keeping the rest of us sane.
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a fabulous day and be sure to eat an extra slice of cake for me!